Update documentation with further information. (#2240)
Screenly/Anthias: docs/raspberry-pi5-ssd-install-instructions.md

Other HAT's should work just fine as long as they are supported by the Pi.

> The author of this guide used a 256GB M.2 NVMe SSD as it came in the 2242 (22mm x 44mm) form factor. The original version of the P33 HAT only supported a 2230 and 2242 SSD, but the later version extends further and supports a 2260 and 2280 SSD also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The author of this guide used a 256GB M.2 NVMe SSD as it came in the 2242 (22mm x 44mm) form factor. The original version of the P33 HAT only supported 2230 and 2242 SSDs, but a newer version extends further and supports 2260 and 2280 SSDs as well.
```

## Booting

> Early Pi5's do not support PCIe boot as part of the factory bootloader configuration. If you have a version of the bootloader prior to at least **Mon 23 Sep 13:02:56 UTC 2024 (1727096576)** then it is likely that you will need to follow the Boot from SD steps first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Early Pi 5's do not support PCIe boot as part of the factory bootloader configuration. If you have a version of the bootloader prior to at least **Mon 23 Sep 13:02:56 UTC 2024 (1727096576)** then it is likely that you will need to follow the Boot from SD steps first.
```

### Boot from SD

> Depending on the bootloader version of your Pi (Confirmed  that as of at least **Mon 23 Sep 13:02:56 UTC 2024 (1727096576)** you do not need to perform this step), you may need to boot from microSD first and set the bootloader to boot from PCIe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the bootloader version of your Pi (confirmed that as of at least **Mon 23 Sep 13:02:56 UTC 2024 (1727096576)** you do not need to perform this step), you may need to boot from microSD first and set the bootloader to boot from PCIe.
```

Alternatively, you may just reference the `#booting` section above.

> [!NOTE]
> You can check the bootloader version by using the command `sudo rpi-eeprom-update` which will tell you what version your Pi 5 is running.
> This command will also tell you if an update is available, which you can install with `sudo rpi-eeprom-update -a`.

> > The author of this document would welcome feedback if once the above update is performed, wether you still need to run the command below. The author tested the below and found it successful, then updated the bootloader so YMMV!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The author of this document would welcome feedback if once the above update is performed, whether you still need to run the command below. The author tested the below and found it successful, then updated the bootloader so your mileage may vary!
```

> > This looks a little bit like this;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This looks a little bit like the following:
>
> <br>
```

- Follow the prompts to install and reboot the Pi
- Once the install has completed, don't forget to change the password for your Pi uinsg `passwd`

### Check your boot order

You can view your current boot order by running `rpi-eeprom-config` and checking the output.

> Using [This document](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/raspberry-pi.html#BOOT_ORDER) you can view the boot options and configure your boot order to suit your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [this document](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/raspberry-pi.html#BOOT_ORDER) you can view the boot options and configure your boot order to suit your requirements.
```
